Add support for configuring Ingress class (#1851)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/appendix_crds.adoc

|string
|authentication      1.2+<.<|Authentication configuration for Kafka brokers. The type depends on the value of the `authentication.type` property within the given object, which must be one of [tls, scram-sha-512].
|xref:type-KafkaListenerAuthenticationTls-{context}[`KafkaListenerAuthenticationTls`], xref:type-KafkaListenerAuthenticationScramSha512-{context}[`KafkaListenerAuthenticationScramSha512`]

> |class               1.2+<.<|Configures the Ingress class which defines which `Ingress` controller will be used. When not set, the `Ingress` class will be set to `nginx`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|class               1.2+<.<|Configures the Ingress class that defines which `Ingress` controller will be used. If not set, the `Ingress` class is set to `nginx`.
```
